Allow signal assignments (#12)
luisherranz/deepsignal: .changeset/sweet-rice-repair.md

---
"deepsignal": minor
---

> Allow replacing signals with a new signal instance, e.g., `store.$a = signal(1)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow replacing signals with a new signal instance, e.g., `state.$prop = signal(1)`.
```
